Add support for custom CA certificates by certificate resolver (#10816)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

# ...
```

### `caCertificates`

_Optional, Default=[]_

> Specify the path to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caCertificates` option specifies the path to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.
```

> Specify the path to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caCertificates` specifies the path list to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.
```

> The `caCertificates` specifies the path list to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caCertificates` option specifies the paths to PEM encoded CA Certificates that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...
      caCertificates:
        - path/certificates1.pem
        - path/certificates2.pem
      # ...
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[certificatesResolvers.myresolver.acme]
  # ...
  caCertificates = [ "path/certificates1.pem", "path/certificates2.pem" ]
  # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# ...
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.caCertificates="path/certificates1.pem,path/certificates2.pem"
# ...
```

??? note "LEGO Environment Variable"

    It can be defined globally by using the environment variable `LEGO_CA_CERTIFICATES`.
    This environment variable is neither a fallback nor an override of the configuration option.

> ### `caUseSystemCertPool`

Reviewer: Here I would keep the naming consistent with the lego environment variables, and name this option `caSystemCertPool`.

_Optional, Default=false_

> Define if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caUseSystemCertPool` option defines if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.
```

> Define if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caSystemCertPool` defines if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.
```

> The `caSystemCertPool` defines if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caSystemCertPool` option defines if the certificates pool must use a copy of the system cert pool.
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...
      caUseSystemCertPool: true
      # ...
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[certificatesResolvers.myresolver.acme]
  # ...
  caUseSystemCertPool = true
  # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# ...
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.caUseSystemCertPool=true
# ...
```

??? note "LEGO Environment Variable"

    It can be defined globally by using the environment variable `LEGO_CA_SYSTEM_CERT_POOL`.
    `LEGO_CA_SYSTEM_CERT_POOL` is ignored if `LEGO_CA_CERTIFICATES` is not set or empty.
    This environment variable is neither a fallback nor an override of the configuration option.

> ### `caTlsServerName`

Reviewer: Same here I would rename this option `caServerName`.

_Optional, Default=""_

> Specify the CA server name that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caServerName` specifies the CA server name that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.
```

> The `caServerName` specifies the CA server name that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caServerName` option specifies the CA server name that can be used to authenticate an ACME server with an HTTPS certificate not issued by a CA in the system-wide trusted root list.
```
